well it really is a red and blue day
here today at the Darby kicks festival
ahead of course the Manchester derby on
Sunday of this week where we have the
Under 16's here today for city and
United all uniting together to play
football with of course some stars of
both teams
we're here today for a derby kick
festival so Premier League kicks project
funded by the Premier League that eight
to eighteen year old we both won
Premier League kicks both Manchester
City and Manchester United and it's a
great way of young people to be able to
come together constructive diversionary
activity at key times during the during
the night when they might be getting
involved in things that shouldn't be
getting involved in they're here playing
football with us this is a really good
way of celebrating at some experiences
that they've had over the last few
months we've got some diehard sitting
United supporters out here playing but
today it riveted a matter there are city
bans in United shirts there are United
fans in City shirt kicks it doesn't
matter it's about coming together and
creating safer stronger and more
respectful communities right here in
Greater Manchester and having some stars
walk out here and talk to these young
people and share some skills really does
raise their aspirations it's a fantastic
reward for them we can never
underestimate how much of a role model
those professionals are they follow them
on the TV they're posters up in their
rooms still it's it's one of those
things that you cannot put a value on
having them right here in the flesh this
project is owned by these young people
and having these stars walk through the
gay onto their pitch is one of those
things that just put the icing on the
cake for them oh yeah no mundo siempre
estar con incognito chicken okay Sabrina
Darren Joseph isn't a nutter Ganesha
darle Alegria es algo so Galindo
sir Callahan case a universal gardenia
issue Monsieur no one on the way ahead
of water a second when we it's a really
good experience and underprivileged to
be able to take part and be playing
football at such a high level so guys I
know that you good friends but does it
cause any rivalry we've got a city
family and knighted fan but you say he's
still friends
yeah we're still friends when it comes
to the game you look comfortable
so what you're going to do is City win
on Sunday just keep your head down
try not speak to him and what you're
going to do if you're night you'd win on
Sunday and you just gonna not talk to